Update gitlab integration docs (#9025)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: docs/usage/cloud/gitlab-installation.mdx

![Connect Repo](/static/img/connect-repo.png)

> ## Working on GitLab Issues and Merge Requests Using Openhands

Reviewer: We should mention somewhere that 

1. Webhooks are automatically installed within a few minutes after the owner/maintainer to the resources (projects/groups) logs into cloud openhands
2. If they delete the webhook from their gitlab account, there's no recovering and they should contact us to help set it up again

Author: Hmmmm that doesn't seem like a great experience 🤔

Reviewer: Yeah because the webhook installations are automatic, we want

1. An intervention path where they can uninstall webhooks from specific resources; if they delete a webhook we shouldn't automatically install again to respect their decision 
2. If they decide to reinstall the webhook, they would use the webhook secret from their settings page to manually configure the webhook (this part is still WIP)

Author: Ah so once we have 2 in place, the experience will be self serve even if they uninstall webhooks?

Reviewer: Yep!

Reviewer 2: there aught be a mechanism to assess 'what is' and devise a plan forward to reconcile to the desired end state. 

Mistakes happen... situations change... urgent things happen.... 

it's short sighted to assume the universe will always be as it "should" be... and to not have some (even somewhat messy/manual) process to get things back to homeostasis... 

This would be a good 'am_I_ok?' robustification check... 

ie: 

- hmm... something seems... .wrong... let me attempt to run down the 'stuff-that-might-go-wrong' checklist and attempt to see what's odd... 
  - dns seems to be working fine.... 
  - I seem to be able to reach the internet.... 
  - I can reach all configured public git providers
  - I can reach the endpoint(s) of any private git provider(s).
  - enumerating access
    - I can login to each of the configured publc git providers with credentials provided. 
    - oh... hm... hey, uh... it looks like my webhook isn't working.... did someone remove it? if so. this is the automated way to unbork this.... 

if nothing else, something like this could be a side-agent / process 'help-me-figure-out-wot-I-broke'-bot ;)

Author: Agreed that this should be better. Had a chat with product and we are going to add a note that this will be fixed in the future but that deleting the webhook may require All Hands AI support right now.
CC @malhotra5

To restrict the agent's permissions, you can define a custom secret `GITLAB_TOKEN`, which will override the default token assigned to the agent.
While the high-permission API token is still requested and used for other components of the application (e.g. opening merge requests), the agent will not have access to it.

## Working on GitLab Issues and Merge Requests Using Openhands

<Note>
This feature works for personal projects and is available for group projects with a
[Premium or Ultimate tier subscription](https://docs.gitlab.com/user/project/integrations/webhooks/#group-webhooks).

A webhook is automatically installed within a few minutes after the owner/maintainer of the project or group logs into

> OpenHands Cloud. Deleting this webhook may require the support of All Hands AI but we are planning to improve this in
> a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenHands Cloud. If you decide to delete the webhook, then re-installing will require the support of All Hands AI but we are planning to improve this in a future release
```

Deleting the webhook is fine (we want users to be able to do that)

Re-installing will 100% require assistance from us, but we will have a more automatic way to do that in a future release
